**Now that you are halfway through bootcamp, what has been the biggest hurdle that you have gone past? What do you think is going to be the next biggest 
thing to power through?

>For me it was the initial learning curve of how programming works and the convenetions and tools available to me, the fact that you can create literally 
>whatever you want was both exciting and very daunting. However, once I managed to wrap my head around the possibilities of programming everything started 
>to fall into place and I was able to really dive into it. The next thing to wrap my head around is definetly this accessing the database and manipulating 
>data, keeping track of everything in the esther will definetly be a hurdle but I'm confident I'll be able to overcome it.

**Compared to earlier, what are three ideas you might want to do for your final project? Are they the same ideas as before, or have they changed now that 
you understand more about the technology and your limitations?

>If anything I've become more solidified on my selection of project, my coach I work with for my training has offered to do some user testing and give me 
>feedback on the application so that I can hopefully present an alpha or near alpha stage project for FINAL DEMO DAY

**What surprised you about your first week in Python and how was it different from your first week in JavaScript? 

>Honestly, the biggest surprise was the similarity in both functionality and syntax, Python very much strikes me as it was written by someone that had 
>spent quite a bit of time working in something like JavaScript and thought "Why do I have to use &&? Why can't I just say 'and'? This is stupid I'm 
>writing my own language", and the rest of the language very much follows that same methodology. I was suprised at how easy it was to pick up after the 
>initial pain of learing JS, but this time I didn't have to learn how programming worked, just some new syntax and quirks. I'd very much liken picking up 
>Python to learning a dialect of a language, all the basic thing are still the same and they are structured very similarly, but there are some subtle 
>differences and some overt ones too, but once you get past those and get them down it's almost the same thing.
