What are some similarities and differences you can see with JS and Python?

    In my opinion they are fairly similar in logic, Python has a lot more straight forward syntax and easier implementation of some functionalities like
    the sum of an array, but then if we try to do a loop, suddenly I have to manually create and increment an iterable if I want to use one, and there are 
    little back and forths like that throughout both of them, in retrospect I am much happier that we learned JavaScript first because with the amount of 
    syntax required for a JS or JSX document, learning the quirks of python was a piece of cake (Except for sibling file imports, don't got there, that 
    place is evil.)

If you had started with Python instead of JS, how do you think the Bootcamp would be different? Would you have benefited?

    I kind of covered this in my last answer but I do feel like Python to JS would have been a much heavier lift than JS to Python was, with the easy to
    read syntax and plain english quality I think I might have had a harder time understanding what was going on in JS coming from Python whereas going JS 
    into Python I could understand what was happening off the bat and picking up the syntax wasn't difficult.

Think of a project or tech based tool that you use often and think about what the database structure might look like for it. Do you feel like you have a 
better understanding of how it works now and could you see yourself enjoying building something like that in the future?

    Working with the databases this week has definetly started to give me an idea of what constructing the full back end of an application can take and I 
    have a huge appreciation for it. I have started turning some gears as far as figuring out how I'm going to need to structure the backend of my final 
    project and I plan on in the coming weeks trying to map out that database with a flow chart. I wish I hadn't gotten sick this week because I feel like 
    I have a decent gap to make up for Thursdays build time because thats usually the day I really hit that full grasp of the concepts and have everything 
    click, hopefully I'll have some time this weekend to dig a little farther into join and inserts and some other SQL fucntionalities. I really want to be 
    able to monetize my final project long term and a solid database is going to be a huge part of making a clean and well fucntioning application.