These past few weeks have been all about learning C#, so far I've built close to 10 projects in the language and have been working on a new iteration of the 
EverCraft Kata (https://github.com/PuttingTheDnDInTDD/EverCraft-Kata) which is a challenge to build a character creation module using Object Oriented Programming
and test driven development. Getting comfortable in Visual Studio has taken some time and Microsoft... come one, just give me the keyboard shortcuts from 
Visual Studio Code! I miss my multicursors!! Other than that though, the IDE makes it incredibly simple to set up and network projects in a .NET Core 
environment and the built in testing suite is excellent, networking it with the GitHub Desktop Client was surprisingly simple. 

The job hunt goes on, but I still feel confident that I will get the job I'm meant to have here. To be perfectly honest, last week was rough, I hit about 50
apps put out into the wild and so far have only heard back on one (recruiters, please just let me know one way or another) and I was feeling pretty down on the 
whole process. I met up with one of my friends that went through the same bootcamp that I did though, and we had an excellent discussion, he was in the job market for
nearly 4 months, and put out nearly 200 applications before he got into the role he is in now. The takeaway from that for me though was that he is happier
in his work than he has ever been in his life, and there's a reason he recommended this to me. 

I also came across a notecard in my backpack from bootcamp that I wrote to myself so many weeks ago, we called it the "why" statement, why am I doing this? 
Why did I choose this path? Now as it was back then, my reason is my family, I want a career where I'm not spending every waking second running around trying
to make ends meet, where I have time with my family, where I'm not so dog tired at the end of a shift that I jsut pass out on the couch after being home for 5
minutes. My family deserves better than that, and so do I. So I'm hitting the ground next week running, with renewed moral, becasue I remember why I'm on this 
path.
